✨ Publish New Docs ✨ (#4904)
software-mansion/react-native-reanimated: docs/docs/animations/withDecay.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# withDecay

> `withDecay` lets you create animations that mimic objects in motion. The animation will start with the provided velocity and slow down over time according to the given deceleration rate until it reaches a stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`withDecay` lets you create animations that mimic objects in motion. The animation will start with the provided velocity and slow down over time according to the given deceleration rate until it stops.
```
